what's going on guys this is bio here
and I got around a free-for-all on
Newtown and a pretty sure this game
going to be using the famas which I know
I know is everybody's favorite on ever
yes need and also my killstreaks gonna
have the spy plane the Blackbird and the
dogs some kind of mixing things up a
little bit there as i typically go with
the chopper gunner instead of that spy
plane down on the low end although the
chopper gunner is a nun low end at all
but the reason i go for spy plane in
free-for-all particularly is that in you
know team games you kind of have your
side of the map their side of the map so
you typically don't get flanked as often
and you can kind of look at your
teammates to see where the flanks are
and where the opposing team is is there
going to be chunk in a bunch of metal at
them and so you'll kind of have a pretty
good idea of where to shoot at and how
to move around without getting shot in
the background the sides whereas on
free-for-all it's all kinds of crazy
people all over the place and you're
gonna get shot in the back lot besides a
lot you guys know I'm sure you played if
you play free for all you know you know
the pain that is getting shot in the
back especially when you spawn like hey
I'm alive run out shot in the back dang
it but that is why I use these five
point I keep one to say UAV but that is
not right I must know that's not UAV now
so yeah that is why i use the spy plane
if you are all wondering i think it's i
think it's a little bit better than the
chopper gunner in this situation because
it helps me build up that kill streak to
the dogs faster and the dogs on free
fall they just they just rip through
meat man because in team games you can
kind of hide behind your teammates and
so all you have to worry about is dogs
and not worry about enemies to shoot at
guys running around but it free for all
you have to worry about the guys and the
docs so you kind of divided their
multitasking and multitasking never goes
well so you end up dying you end up
getting your rope or hey I was about to
say your rope ripped out you guys do
that were you like you mix the first
like one or two letters of two words and
you mix them up like that so instead of
instead of throat ripped out I said
wrote 'the ripped out i can't even say
it wrong intentionally it's difficult I
do that all the time I don't know if
there's a term for that but I do it they
yeah so I don't know about you guys but
I've currently been on spring break and
as such I am bored out of my freaking
mind I do not work during the school
year I don't have a like a part time job
or anything like that unless you count
this gig which is
is pretty nice I really enjoyed this gig
this machinima thing but I don't I don't
carry a job during the school year as I
work I'm in school full-time and so when
these tiny little breaks these no winter
breaks or spring breaks they come up for
only week or two you can't really find a
job because no one's going to hire you
for a week or two that'd be kind of nice
but unfortunately it is not to be it
will not happen so I've been bored as I
really haven't been doing all that much
no I've been trying to trying to stay
active I'll get outside and do stuff you
know hang out with friends go see movies
stuff like that and it's just so much
time to cover you know Norman school for
a few hours of the day and then doing
homework for another few hours so that
you know that takes up time that keeps
my mind occupied but without that I'm
just like I feel like I feel like a
zombie I'm just kind of just kind of not
productive and just kind of leeching off
society yeah maybe maybe it's not that
extreme but you guys you guys get where
I'm coming at just kind of don't feel
productive don't feel contributing in
that aspect so when summer rolls around
man I'm definitely picking up a
full-time job I gotta I gotta start
paying for school or they are saving up
for school i should say because man
college college is so freaking expensive
in the United States tuition rates are
going up like at eight to twelve percent
every year which is what like three four
times the rate of inflation that's just
that makes me mad that makes me a very
very mad and sad panda anyways so
because of spring break though
fortunately I have been uploading a
little bit more as you can see this is
going to be my second video in three
days which is a new record for me and
also all the games games over here but
really quickly I do still post videos to
machinima but I don't do videos on my
channel anymore letting you know about
it so for those that want to check out
my machinima videos I favorite them so
if you ever on my channel and you look
at the favorites box you see all my
machinima videos and if you want to
click on them that would be awesome I
would appreciate it that's me it for
this game guys final scores give me 30
kills and two deaths I really appreciate
you guys checking out my videos it
really does mean a lot to me I know it
sounds cheesy but it's true and I will
see you guys later thanks for watching